Created an Introduction page for the User Guide and the General Settings Section (#2024)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/getting-started/user-guide-fundamentals.md

---
title: User Guide fundamentals
displayed_sidebar: userDocsSidebar
description: Here are some concepts to keep in mind
---

Before going any further into this user guide, we recommend you to acknowledge the main concepts below. They will help you to understand how Strapi works, and ensure a smooth Strapi experience.

- **Development, Staging or Production Environment** <br/> When you start working on your application, it is in a development environment, which is the status for the content structure and application configuration. After deploying your application, it is in production or staging environment. This status change impacts how you can use your Strapi application, as some features are only available in development environment, such as the Content-type Builder. In this user guide the availability or not of a feature, depending on the application status, is always mentioned in the feature's introduction.

> - **Versions** <br/> Strapi is constantly evolving and growing. This implies that new releases are quite frequent, to improve what is already available but also to add new features to Strapi. For every new Strapi version, we communicate through our main channels and by sending notifications both on your terminal (when launching your Strapi application), and on your application's admin panel. We always recommend to use the latest version. However, we always keep live both the documentation of the current Strapi version, and the documentation of the previous one - the latter being officially and actively maintained for 6 months after the release of the newest Strapi version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Versions** <br/> Strapi is constantly evolving and growing. This implies that new releases are quite frequent, to improve what is already available but also to add new features to Strapi. For every new Strapi version, we communicate through our main channels and by sending notifications both on your terminal (when launching your Strapi application), and on your application's admin panel. We always recommend to use the latest version. However, we always keep live both the documentation of the current Strapi version, and the documentation of the previous one - the latter being officially and actively maintained for up to 12 months after the release of the newest Strapi version.
```

We should fix this, in preparation for Strapi 5, because v4 will be maintained for 12 months :)

> - **Versions** <br/> Strapi is constantly evolving and growing. This implies that new releases are quite frequent, to improve what is already available but also to add new features to Strapi. For every new Strapi version, we communicate through our main channels and by sending notifications both on your terminal (when launching your Strapi application), and on your application's admin panel. We always recommend to use the latest version. However, we always keep live both the documentation of the current Strapi version, and the documentation of the previous one - the latter being officially and actively maintained for up to 12 months after the release of the newest Strapi version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Versions** <br/> Strapi is constantly evolving and growing. This implies that new releases are quite frequent, to improve what is already available but also to add new features to Strapi. For every new Strapi version, we communicate through our main channels and by sending notifications both on your terminal (when launching your Strapi application), and on your application's admin panel. We always recommend to use the latest version. However, we always keep live both the documentation of the current Strapi version, and the documentation of the previous major version — the latter being officially and actively maintained for up to 12 months after the release of the newest Strapi version.
```

Suggesting "major" version since the only one we keep alive is Strapi v3. For Strapi v4 the documentation is always only about the latest 4.x.x. version.

Author: Okay, I've implemented this

> - **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title.

Reviewer: Maybe we could also add some information about the Cloud badges, since we're adding them to the User Guide as well. What do you think?

> - **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title.

Reviewer 2: I noticed that the introduction/Strapi fundamentals page still doesn't mention the new pricing Cloud badges, but if I understand correctly: both PRs should be released at the same time, there's no explanation of the badges in the badges PR either, and it's in the User Guide that those Cloud badges are mostly used.
I think that we should definitely add something in here to make sure users understand. @pwizla what do you think?

Reviewer: Yes, Mégane, I definitively agree about adding information for Cloud badges too (see [my similar comment](https://github.com/strapi/documentation/pull/2024#discussion_r1505605505)).

> - **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title. Strapi can also be hosted on Strapi Cloud by subscribing to a tier that meets the functionality, support, and customization options specified on [Strapi Cloud](https://strapi.io/pricing-cloud). In this user guide, a badge is also assigned to a tier and displayed beside a section's title to indicate the section is available on the tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title. Strapi can also be hosted on Strapi Cloud by subscribing to a tier that meets the functionality, support, and customization options specified on [Strapi Cloud](https://strapi.io/pricing-cloud). In this user guide, the <CloudDevBadge />, <CloudProBadge />, and <CloudTeamBadge /> badges can be displayed beside a section's title to indicate the feature is available on the tier.
```

Suggestion so that we show what the badges look like, just like we did for Entreprise (and improved some wordings).

Author: Okay, thank you

> - **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title. Strapi can also be hosted on Strapi Cloud by subscribing to a tier that meets the functionality, support, and customization options specified on [Strapi Cloud](https://strapi.io/pricing-cloud). In this user guide,the <CloudDevBadge />, <CloudProBadge />, and <CloudTeamBadge /> badges can be displayed beside a section's title to indicate the feature is available on the tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **License and Pricing Plans** <br/> As a Strapi user you have the choice between using the Community Edition, which is entirely free, or the [Enterprise Edition](https://strapi.io/pricing-self-hosted). In this user guide, if a feature is only available for the Enterprise Edition, an <EnterpriseBadge /> badge is displayed beside the section's title. Strapi can also be hosted on Strapi Cloud by subscribing to a tier that meets the functionality, support, and customization options specified on [Strapi Cloud](https://strapi.io/pricing-cloud). In this user guide, the <CloudDevBadge />, <CloudProBadge />, and <CloudTeamBadge /> badges can be displayed beside a section's title to indicate the feature is available on the tier.
```
